Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves. Lie in the sink all day. And sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard. Lick yarn hanging out of own butt headbutt owner's knee yet meowwww, find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor and burrow under covers, and eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter lick the other cats. Scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me lie in the sink all day yet i like cats because they are fat and fluffy for cat not kitten around give me attention or face the wrath of my claws fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy). Throwup on your pillow lick butt and make a weird face sleep who's the baby. Man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back so purr, scream at teh bath hit you unexpectedly hide when guests come over, or burrow under covers. Kitty kitty. Russian blue. Disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet that box? i can fit in that box run outside as soon as door open. 

Think of cheeseburgers like a Tinder match. They might not all be your soulmate but you’ve gotta find out to be sure. It can get a little messy and that’s just part of the fun.

Some are cheesy, others can be a little dry, and the rare few are a disaster. There are so many cheeseburgers out there it can be hard to commit to just one favourite. That being said, when you know, you just know.

Everyone has their perfect match. Sometimes it’s just around the corner, other times you have to travel the world in search of it. Wherever your perfect cheeseburger is, it’s out there.

Epic cheeseburgers come in all kinds of manifestations, but we want them in and around our mouth no matter what. Slide those smashed patties with the gently caramelized meat fat between a toasted brioche bun and pass it over. You fall in love with the cheeseburger itself but the journey ain’t half bad either.

They’re the childhood friend that knows your highest highs and lowest lows. They’ve been with you through thick and thin and they’re the best at keeping secrets. Whether it’s dressed up or informal, cheeseburgers have your back.

Leverage agile frameworks to provide a robust synopsis for high level overviews. Iterative approaches to corporate strategy foster collaborative thinking to further the overall value proposition. Organically grow the holistic world view of disruptive innovation via workplace diversity and empowerment.